# CLEO 3.0.0

## Filesystem layout

CLEO 3.0.0 will define a new filesystem layout. A system will be included to automatically move
user files into the new layout on the first startup.

Everything is contained within the GTA `Documents` folder still, but is organised into three
folders.

### `mods`

The `mods` folder contains the user's modification files. Within this folder the user is free to
organise their own files into folders, although some folder names are handled specially.

Any folder that has the same name as a game archive file will be treated as a source of replacement
files for that archive. There could be five different folders buried in different places, all with
the name `gta3.img`, and they will all be treated as sources of files for the `gta3.img` archive.

CLEO will map out the filesystem internally when the game starts and log all of the files and
folders that is has found and how it will use them. This must be done very quickly and quietly in
the background while the game is starting up.

```
Found 72 mod resources. See outline below.

my-car-mods       (folder)
  gta3.img        (folder with replacements for files inside 'gta3.img')
    clover.dff    (VALID) (replacement for archived model file 'gta3.img/clover.dff')
    burrito.dff   (VALID) (replacement for archived model file 'gta3.img/burrito.dff')
    blah.dff      (IGNORED: GAME FILE DOESN'T EXIST) (replacement for model file 'gta3.img/blah.dff')
    ...
  handling.cfg    (VALID) (replacement for game config file 'handling.cfg')
handling.cfg      (IGNORED: DOUBLE REPLACEMENT) (replacement for game config file 'handling.cfg')

some-script.csa   (VALID) (background script with unknown name)
ily-android.csi   (INCOMPATIBLE: USES ANDROID CODE) (invoked script "FIRST_PERSON")

fxt-files         (folder)
  blah.fxt        (VALID) (text extension file with 13 keys)
  foo.fxt         (VALID) (text extension file with 2 keys)

something.xyz     (IGNORED: UNKNOWN FILE) (replacement for non-existent game file 'something.xyz')
```

There is no longer a `Replace` folder. Instead, any file with a name that matches a game file is
automatically considered a replacement file. This is also the default for files which don't match
any other criteria, as it is most likely that they are replacement files with misspelled names or
files from the PC version of the game, although if the file wasn't automatically picked up as a
replacement to start off with then it means the name must be invalid.

### `cleo-settings`

The `cleo-settings` folder contains saved settings. At the moment, there are only two files that
make sense in here, which would be `cheats.json` and `settings.json`. The JSON format is used to
allow these files to be user-editable in case they are causing the game to crash in a way that
makes it difficult to reset them through the CLEO GUI.

### `cleo-internal`

The `cleo-internal` folder contains files about CLEO's inner workings produced at runtime. This
includes `panic.txt` (if it exists), `releases.bin`, and a `logs` folder. If a user experiences an
issue, they should be able to just zip the entire `cleo-internal` folder and send it for
examination, which is easiser than them having to respond to multiple requests for individual
files.

The `logs` folder contains `cleo.log` which has the full log with different modules mixed together,
but there are also separate log files for other modules (or groups of modules) - `cheats.log`,
`update.log`, `files.log`, `streaming.log`.
